adds kick hardware challenge rule (#2)
robocup-ssl-br/rules-technical-challenge-el: 2024/2024-ssl-el-kick-rules.adoc

:source-highlighter: highlightjs
:icons: font

= RoboCup Brazil 2024 SSL-EL hardware challenge 
:toc:
:toclevels: 3

== Motivation

A key distinguishing characteristic of the Small Size League is its tight integration of software and hardware, which is crucial to success. One of the systems that shows this tight relationship is the kicking device, responsible for making the match a more dynamic environment.  Thus, aiming to encourage its development, this technical challenge seeks to provide scenarios that could occur in a game match, where a kick device makes a key difference.

== Constraints

The following rules apply:

- The challenge will be playable on a field with 4x3m or larger.
- Human interference is not allowed unless specified otherwise.
- Normal SSL-EL rules apply, unless specified otherwise.

== General Rules and Procedure

The general procedure for each team to perform all challenges is as follows:

> * There will be two members of OC, TC and EC that will act as the supervisors of the challenges.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* There will be two TC/OC/EC members that will act as the supervisors of the challenges.
```

* The team has 10 minutes to complete the challenge.
* The team may not change any code or configuration during the challenge.

> * The team may change its trail robot during the challenge in between trails.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The team may change its robot during the challenge in between trials.
```

* The supervisors can disqualify a team after one warning, if they suspect that a team is actively manipulating their software during a challenge.

== Evaluation

Teams are ranked in order of performance.

In case of a tie, other random scenarios will be used to untie the match, following the FIFA soccer penalty type of elimination.

A member of OC/TC will be assigned the challenge and act as the referee. The TC may provide a tool that helps with evaluation of the challenge. The referee has the final decision of the result.

> == Challenge

Reviewer: Duplicated 😄
